# Project Title

## Description

[//]: # (TODO: Add a brief description of the project here. What problem does it solve? What are its main features?)

## Installation

[//]: # (TODO: Add detailed installation instructions if there are project-specific steps beyond the standard Angular CLI setup.)

To get a development environment running:

1.  **Prerequisites:**
    *   Node.js and npm (or yarn) installed. You can download Node.js from [https://nodejs.org/](https://nodejs.org/).
    *   Angular CLI: If you don't have it installed, run `npm install -g @angular/cli`

2.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone <your-repository-url>
    cd <your-project-directory>
    ```

3.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
    or if you use yarn:
    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

## Usage

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Contributing

[//]: # (TODO: Add guidelines for contributing to the project. For example, coding standards, pull request process, etc.)

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps:

1.  Fork the Project
2.  Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3.  Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4.  Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5.  Open a Pull Request

## License

[//]: # (TODO: Add license information here. For example, MIT, Apache 2.0, etc. If you don't have one, you can choose one at https://choosealicense.com/)

Distributed under the ... License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

---

This README was generated by an AI assistant. Please review and customize it to fit your project.
